Honda will have him on the 250 for the
season's final three Supercross events
back to Dave and Larry thank you very
much our Nachman congratulations to
Henry on a great championship you'll
wrap up 125 meters region actions here
tonight then climb on the 250 what's he
going to do in his last shot at these
guys going from seven in a row well the
first thing he's going to do is get a
pretty bad start Ezra Lusk on the Suzuki
jumps out front of that funneling effect
funnels Doug Henry back to about eight
thirty ninth spot
he's got catching up to do poopoo he
narrowly avoided going on his head back
there he was hit from two different
directions but Henry just he kind of
pulled himself through that one I think
by the red paint on his Honda that he
made it he'll immediately start moving
toward the front but he's got a long way
to go to catch up in here and you have
to wonder what the makeup is of a man
like this he could be resting on his
laurels why go to all of that work
meanwhile Chad Patterson who has one win
to his record book this year takes over
the number two position by passing Davi
azzam as Velasquez way out in front of
this battle Henry catches them
challenges jezic as Patterson seizes the
opportunity to pull away a little bit
looked like it might be a Pettersen
Henry and lost battle for the
championship early on +11
one one and everyone all around I'll
watch this Henry just takes a little
nosedive eases off the motorcycle into
the ground and this this really shows
what this guy is all about he's going to
come back from this minor spill loss of
control as he goes down the gun he's
going to come back and go to be a factor
in this race before it's over
unbelievable runs guys who's really
going to go
lastly trouble off the track back
through the banners key mistake banners
get caught the forks and ultimately in
the rear wheel and the problem there is
advantage in the rear wheel a tangled up
ranks in banners and brakes brakes don't
work so Ezra though the leader does have
dilemma it's it is what I like Japan
turns to the brakes I have to go right
ok so what do I do about it
Jim December Ezra still have his brake
speakers for the banners yeah right now
we've kind of lost a little bit but it's
starting to come back I told him to hold
the pedal down so he can burn him off
it'll come back primarily he had him
going into this corner I'm trying to
keep him on him so that they'll burn
themselves out they can pick up the
speed
dan Ford's assessment of Ezra lust
strategy here I gather they Keith will
all be burned the banners off of there
and then he can continue I think yeah
that's the theory I actually it's kind
of pretty as they whip their hair that
wheel that I'm afflicted that's what
history was after I don't recall that
ever having worked before and he is
currently in the fourth spot as we watch
what is now the battle for the latest
look at yes it come back to life and
challenge Fedderson news seems to be
going backwards to Jessica has not led a
Supercross this year however music has
gotten stronger and strong
moron he's another one of those brothers
would love to start the season all over
again tomorrow we couldn't come into his
own has done a remarkable job meanwhile
here's Doug Henry who has picked himself
off the ground and his after Ezra Lusk
you earlier picked himself up off the
ground and he makes that pass and lust
continues to go backward and so can yes
ik hold on as Doug Henry having crashed
once having suffered a bad start
suddenly is about ten yards away from
the lead
Patterson picks up a banner of his own
and yes it feels the heat now from two
men inside
Henry grabs the second spot away from
Patterson and I get the feeling it's in
well I just told you that yes he has
been getting stronger but not that
strong duck hammering is the man in this
the third race of the season and just a
jumper - there it is you know what he
fully
this class and route to his seventh
consecutive victory after struggling in
the first couple of races Doug Henry
clearly the class of the 125 what a way
to celebrate the championship in new
right Larry he put a laid back tonight
instead he chose to show why he is
number one best ride of the year for
yezi because he comes home second
Pettersen loss can steal around out the
top five six through ten you find
Edward's curry chic Brown and benek
let's hear the winner and still champion
no I could get a bad start you crash and
you still come through the pack and win
is that that must build your confidence
yeah it was pretty good you know I was
looking for an exciting race tonight and
it sure was you know
Ezra went down so it kind of gave me a
break there and the interval I guess it
was about midway so I knew I just had to
catch Chad and I think it's yet sick I'm
not not really sure what was up front
but I just know I had to catch those
guys and go on and try to win one more
race my last race and on Survivor let's
make it official Doug Henry wins this
series championship by a margin too big
to calculate let's hear from the race
runner-up Davi it was a real tough race
all the way you were consistent
everybody else was going back and forth
yeah I saw at the beginning everyone
started making some mistakes then they
kept records trying to stay smooth and I
just keep my pace up and hopefully see
what that do for me well you had
somebody right on your tail Adia yeah I
believe it's Chad Patterson was great on
me at the end and a really fast writer
and uh
what I got well I want you to look at
the victory celebration here evidence
the Devi as it has never been on the
podium before can't get the dot God cork
out of the bottle
Wow I know what I'll do I'll just pull
it out with my team we'll be back with
the 250 pay event right after this